hey hey I'm Hilah welcome back to Hilah
cooking so this is Episode one on season
three and it's pretty awesome that it's
season three already and I'm really
excited to be back I had a really great
summer I hope everyone else did too I
had a lot of hot dogs among other things
but this is a really fun way to make hot
dogs that I started doing and I thought
I'd be a fun way to start off season
three so today Mexican hot dogs LA
now you may be thinking what's a Mexican
hot dog hila are you being racist but
let me assure you that I am NOT Mexican
hot dog is something that was actually
originated in the state of Sonora in
Mexico that's like just south of
California so sometimes it's called a
Sonoran hot dog and basically what it is
and there's a couple of different things
so it's got to have bacon wrapped around
it let me see here look BAM bacon and
hot dogs you wrap them in the bacon
daily then you get some green salsa and
mayonnaise those are also essential
things pico de gallo I like to put that
on there I like mustard too and then
these rolls these are called bolillo
rolls they're like a mexican french
bread roll real soft you can use regular
hot dog buns but these are delish and if
you want to you could also use like a
big soft like french bread and like cut
it into chunks and use that but I got
these because I live in Tejas so I'm
lucky enough to get that stuff okay so
I'm going to show you start with some
preparations with some Bacon's and some
hotdogs okay so we're gonna take our
bacon pieces and wrap each hotdogs in
bacon to make a little spiral like like
so just kidding that's raw okay so I'm
going to do that and then cook them okay
so I'm going to turn my skillet on here
I got my my trusty cast iron as usual
and go ahead and put my little guys in
and I want to kind of try to get it so
that the little like the ends are on the
bottom as much as possible that'll help
it stick together a little better
as you cook them the bacon is very
likely to kind of unroll a little bit
that it'll stay on good enough so it'll
be still be totally yummy so just relax
okay
so we're just gonna watch these fry for
a little while probably ten minutes or
so we'll roll them around a little bit
and then we'll put them on a yummy roll
with some yummy condiments okay so this
has been about seven minutes or so a
Bacon's all crispy my hotdogs are all
like getting a little burnt up on the
ends which I like I'm not burned but you
know um my dogs getting real excited
because she likes Mexican hot dogs too I
cut my bends on the top so it'll look
real cute when I fill it up with stuff
I'm just gonna kind of let them get a
little bit toasted and also soak up some
bacon grease um yay all right
so now it's time to dress these up I'm
gonna put some mayonnaise and all that
stuff on it all right so first we got
the mayonnaise which might seem weird to
some people but it's kind of required
unless you totally hate mayonnaise I
guess you could leave it off mmm okay
and I got some yellow mustard and this
is preferred over like any kind of fancy
whoa like you know whatever just get the
yellow mustard it's good for you got
tumeric okay then hot dog for me hot dog
for me and some of the screen salsa
which I'll put the recipe on the website
I just I mean it's real easy just wrote
some stuff and put it in a blender you
can do it um some Tico Gaia which I
think I'll also put this on there which
is also just cutting stuff up and mixing
it together super easy and sometimes you
might put avocado on it whatevs
and then I also have some pickled
jalapenos oh my god this is
saying good baby oh geez
should have been working out over the
summer also apparently okay
so Emily Emily Emily's mom made these so
thanks Bev alright throw some of these
on there and some little pickled onions
too yay alright ok go some mmm Wow
awesome I'll roll messy so have some
napkins ready okay I'm talking you
should try that um I'll put it up on the
site with all the salsa recipes and
stuff um I'm really glad to be back
super excited so we'll still be doing
new episodes every Tuesday I'm going to
start doing blog post every Thursday and
Saturday you can try that for a little
while and see how those dates work for
you and also they'll be like more
recipes and stuff on the site then then
video so yay more stuff to cook with me
um yeah it's also on my nose also I
wrote a book if you didn't hear about
that learn to cook book it's really
awesome you should get it alright see
you next week
you